well IIT they're internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about Bolton and Trump and Korea and our
diplomatic efforts there because they're
coming back into the conversation people
are talking about what we should do in
order to know that we should probably
take a look at what we have done it
might give us a good blueprint it might
give us a little bit of insight and to
how all of this shaped up to begin with
and that might help so that is going to
form the basis of our little history
lesson that we will start off with all
right so 1910 Japan and exces Korea okay
becomes part of Japan now at the Yalta
Conference which is when the major
Allied powers
played Masters of the Universe and just
divided up the world at the end of World
War two it was decided that the northern
portion of Korea north of the 38th
parallel
well that would go to the Soviets and
the south would go to the Americans and
that's pretty much what happened and
everything was fine for a few years
after the war by 1949 though most Soviet
troops and American and British troops
they were gone
June of 1950 the North invades surprised
pretty much everybody except for Joseph
Stalin according to one argument there
is a widespread belief one that I hold
that he knew that it was gonna go down
and that he greenlit it it's like yeah
do that because he wanted the Americans
involved in a conflict in Asia to kind
of keep him tangled up keep him busy he
also predicted the eventual Chinese
involvement he did this because he
wanted a freer hand in Europe he wanted
to be able to consolidate power not just
was he worried about
former allies he was concerned about
resistance within communist black
countries and that turned out to be a
pretty accurate assessment on his part
in 1956 there was the Hungarian
Revolution in Budapest and he was pretty
pretty spot-on with what he thought was
going to happen but it is unlikely that
the North would have invaded without at
least a nod from Stalin okay so since
they took him by surprise
and nobody was expecting this the
communist forces the north made very
very very quick gains and this obviously
irritated the u.s. the u.s. went to the
UN at this time the Soviet Union was
boycotting the UN because they wouldn't
met China that means that the Soviet
Union could not exercise its veto on the
Security Council so the UN authorized
the use of military force the US and
allies went in pretty quickly they push
the Koreans back North Koreans back then
the Chinese intervened and pushed the UN
and US forces back south eventually the
US and UN forces push back and we end up
right around the 38th parallel meaning
all of this has been for nothing
Eisenhower enters and he wants peace now
prior to this it was under Harry Truman
Eisenhower wants peace pushes for it it
takes two years with fighting still
going on and the lines not changing much
until there is an armistice reach
paneling John so that's kind of how the
actual war went down that's that's what
happened as far as the involvement of
the Soviet Union Red China North Korea
South Korea all of that now there is the
idea and it's something that we need to
dispel the head the US was there for
South Korea's freedom sounds good the
reality is this entire time the country
was run by a sigma nari and his regime
was marked by massive corruption on him
like unbelievable corruption his reign
came to an end when an election went way
too much in his favor
considering how disliked he was people
believed it was rigged and that belief
turned into action people took to the
streets and as they were headed to his
home surrounding his home he was being
flown out of the country with his wife
on a DC 4 owned by civil air transport
that's Air America it's the CIA and he
flew to I think Honolulu and lived out
his days there I think on our dime I'm
not mistaken
so that that's how I went down this was
the soft colonialism that occurred after
World War Two now during the Cold War
and this is important there in cold war
North Korea was under the umbrella of
China and the Soviet Union when it came
to mutually assured destruction the end
of the Cold War that didn't exist
anymore
so they wanted to turnt why because
they're on the list we have we've talked
about getting even since this happened
so there's that worry on their part
that's where they're coming from they
want a deterrent the Senators and the
pundits who talked about well North
Korea may give it to these people and
they may do something if they get one
that's and that's not going to happen
the reality is they want a strong
deterrent they don't want one they want
a whole bunch and there's a
long-standing saying when it comes to
nuclear weapons you don't need to worry
about the person that wants ten you need
to worry about the person that once won
because they're going to use it he just
wants a deterrent now as far as weapons
of mass destruction goes they have
chemical they have biological they have
that they haven't used it so the
fear-mongering is probably pretty
unwarranted
now the real reason the US doesn't want
them to have it is because we want to
realign them we want to change them from
a communist country to a capitalist one
that's the reason that's the real reason
and if they have that deterrent well we
can't invade them at will if we so
choose to the reason we haven't is
because they spent all of this time
developing a pretty good doctrine it
starts conventional and then goes
unconventional it's not one that we want
we don't want to fight that war it's the
reality of it that's the reason nobody's
ever done it
so that's where they're coming from and
the u.s. foreign policy the hawkish
foreign policy that john bolton promotes
is wrong it's what's been promoted for
half a century and it's never worked
this is going to surprise pretty much
everybody that's watched this channel
for any length of time
Trump's approach of bringing them out
through economics is probably right
he's probably correct he's just not
somebody can do it who can do it because
he doesn't understand what they want you
know he goes over there talking about
World War two build great hotels and
that they don't care that's not what
they need it's not what they want now if
you're looking at it from a historical
perspective John Bolton's policy when it
comes to bringing countries that are in
isolation there out of the international
community when it comes to bringing them
back into the fold and bringing them
back into the international community
how many times has that worked I can
think of one can think of one and that
success is Iraq that's not a really
great success how many times have we
been able to bring a country out of
international isolation via economics
it's a list too long for me to go
through Trump is probably right he just
can't execute it and because he doesn't
really have experienced foreign policy
people on hand
nobody can guide him through it
long term that's probably the approach
that needs to be used if everybody's
engaged in trade there's a less chance
of a war they're gonna feel more
comfortable they're not going to need
that deterrent that's the idea they're
gonna feel more prosper
he the ruler whoever is at the time will
be more seated more in power because as
people won't be unhappy it worked with a
lot of countries and that's probably the
route we should go short-term we just
need to make sure that nobody starts a
war that nobody wants to fight and we
can't win and isn't going to accomplish
the goal anyway until then our best bet
is to just try to delay them obtaining a
weapon that's it and if they do it's not
the end of the world this isn't a crazy
madman regime
despite the fear-mongering media they've
had the ability to wreak havoc for a
very very long time through other means
they never have anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night